MUMT301-2021 Assignment 1
QUESTIONNAIRE!

The following questionnaire seeks to understand your previous knowledge about some of the concepts that we will learn in class during the coming term.

1. Do you know any programming languages? If you do, which ones?
A: Python, Java, C++, and familiarity with a couple others

2. What is your primary computer operating system (OS)?
A: OSX

3. Do you own a smartphone, tablet, or mobile device? What is your favourite OS for mobile devices?
A: Yes, iOS. Although for a long time I was a large Android advocate.

4. Do you use any social networking services? If you do, which ones? Why?
A: Instagram for sharing photos and memes, Strava for motivating myself to exercise.

5. Expand the following acronyms and do research about their meaning. You may look them up if you don't know:

    HTTP - Hypertext Transfer Protocol: Used for transferring of data across the internet
    REST - Representational State Transfer: A style of architecture standard that allows for ease of communication between systems on the web. 
    API - Application Programming Interface: An interface that receives a query and gives a response, allowing for "communication" between system's.

6. Do you play a musical instrument or sing? If so, how much experience do you have?
A: Guitar and Piano, although I have not practiced the Piano in a couple years. I would say my guitar skills are decent.

7. Can you read music notation? If so, how well?
A: Yes, very slowly :)

8. How large is your personal music collection? Estimate the number of artists, albums, and songs. If instead you listen to music using streaming services, how many playlists, artists, albums, and songs do you have in your account?
A: Over 6,000 individual songs saved on my streaming service, physical collection of 4 LPs.

9. How do you search and find new music?
A: Spotify Radio, Pitchfork, Youtube, Friends, Movies/TV.

11. Are you aware of any ways in which artists are dealing with public performances post-COVID? Do you think live performances are essential to your musical experience?
A: I am not certain exactly how artists specifically are dealing with performances post-COVID, although I have noticied many concerts/tours have resumed. To me, live performances are not essential, however I do enjoy them. 

12. Name two musical artists that you like. What do you find interesting about their music that makes you like them?
A: Pink Floyd - They were a big part of my teenage years and a large reason as to why I began playing the guitar.
   J Dilla - I enjoy the unique style of sampling he used and the influence that his projects have had on the course of modern Hip Hop/Rap
